you gave me hope when it seemed hopeless you put a song in my
heart showed me a road not often taken
you gave me a start all
way why did you ever change your name all the
way why did you ever change your name
because you were like a whale on the ocean Wild and Free you
came and you were like a stone coming out of
mountains never to be Ted all the
way why did you ever change your name all the way
why did you ever change your [Music]
name hello and welcome back to Lady Babylon this is Wednesday night bible
study and what I have for you tonight is something absolutely delicious I'm gonna
introduce you I'm G to introduce you to the tomb man I'm talking about a guy
talking about a guy that we don't we don't really know in this modern era but
he lives in the tombs he lives in the tombs and he follows that prescription he has that
Authority and power yeah tomb guy tonight on lady
Babylon
[Music]
so here we are we need to purify this Temple I know that you're ready to do so and you want to get going on so put your
seat back in the upright position store your trade table because it's time for
us to take off I want us to be able to take full advantage of that star and I
want us to be sitting on that Throne if we are to understand the mystery of
anomia then we have to thank you JY then we have to be
positioned on that Throne I'm going to bring you some text tonight I'm going to
bring you a strange strer a stranger just like the one we met that took Jesus's 12 children up to the upper room
Shady guy without a name our guy tonight is another guy without a name and I want
to bring him to you and I want you to show him we saw last time we saw about the drugs that are being used on the
cross so now what we're going to do is we're going to look in we're going to look in into that shady guy and what he
is what he does we're going to see Jesus in action we're going to follow the lace
stas tonight and we're going to watch him you and I are going to get to sit back we're gonna get to watch him work
but before we do we're gonna purify we're gonna bring that
catharsis hit it
cheie
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you Alex for bringing us back and for setting our mood we need this
purgation we need it tonight I'm going to bring it to you and I'm very very serious because it's quite a privilege
to be there looking over the shoulder of Jesus it's sacred ground it's sacred
ground I want us to go there tonight and I'm gonna open up I'm just going to bring Jesus right to you open up chewy
we need to start off Hit It First Start chart beautiful blow it up oh this is
gonna be good Can you feel it oh yeah so what does he do this is a character
sketch of Jesus he's the dude who talks to everybody in
Parables right he's the one who gives them only as much as they can hear
without Parables he doesn't speak except when he's on his own with his kids and
then he explains to them okay I get it Jesus I get it somebody was saying the
other day what about the what about the apostles one of them's got to be over 18
are any of them over 18 one of them was a tax collector here's the funny thing
about the tax collector side Matthew was sitting there at the tax collector Booth
doesn't mean he was a tax collector so even Matthew can be put
into that same category of boys that Jesus goes randomly around picking up
because that's how the ministry of the man we're following tonight begins hail
Satan yeah we've got to stick with the truth right we got to remind ourselves every once in a while to stick with the
truth what is the truth tell me pilot how's it look let's
go to the next one chewy fantastic yeah and so what are the
kids doing I just want you to see the attitude of the kids Jesus gets on his boat because he started his ministry
he's on a boat in the Sea of Galilee with a bunch of young children and what
what's he doing he's sleeping cuz these poor kids these poor kids they don't
know what they're doing you know what I mean the boys of Galilee don't know those of you who feel Sympathy For The
Lost Boys and for what they've had to endure for the Kingdom of
Heaven do you feel it do you feel that that unic energy do you feel that unic
energy yeah this is not that unic energy
this is something that Society has generated an image for you to behold
that is Disney it is not and when I say Disney I'm talking about Mickey Mouse
I'm talking about the most incompetent portrayal that's what I'm talking about
it is a Mickey Mouse portrayal show us the children let us see the children
let's go let's same same one look at so they had this big storm and Jesus is
sleeping on a down down in the bowels of this boat and he's got his he's got his
cushion with him it even says that guy's no dummy he brought a cushion with him by the way all the kids are running
around afraid and they come to Jesus and they wake him up right right right and
what does he do gets up and he's mad he commands the winds to stop oh my God and
what are the kids doing they're afraid they're afraid and they say to one what
kind of guy is this what kind of guy look even the the wind and the Sea they
respond to him they respond to them do you see the position those children are
in good this is going to be important later let's come through the Squall and now we're going to find tomb guy I've
got all my Apostles I've got all my children and now I'm going to go see
it's lace St I'm going to see tomb guy tomb guy fantastic this doesn't bode
well for those of you who are afraid please please think about the
children think about them and their wellfare Around Jesus give us the next
one this is I'm sorry people it has to be Stark you know it doesn't the sting
doesn't feel good going in but it's got to be Stark here's Mark 4 37 yeah there
was this great lops there was this great storm that came along Jesus you know he did his thing calmed everything down it
was gonna he was gonna swamp what is this saying it sends a wave over the
boat and it's gonna swamp the boat right it's a look it's gonna happen and what
happens he himself he's sleeping I told you he was down there on his cushion sleeping and the kids woke him up and
what did they say to him ready people okay for every one of you live um Chey
I'm sorry take that down take that down for every one of you who has ever doubted my sincerity for every one of
you that includes Scholars non-scholars stoics
philosophers pimples can
cantaloupe salad it includes everyone watch what is happening
they call him
teacher you don't walk around and call a 30-year-old man teacher unless you're a
student unless you're a child dasal right grown men don't walk around
calling each other that you know who uses that term it's a term used in education by the students of the master
the disciples are students of the master good between 10 and 18 hit the
next one let's go let's go it's it's gonna get dark people just wait I know
you I know you really want to see it I know you really want so they get over the storm he calms it down and
everything I just want you to see in 52 and Mark 52 what what happens yeah so um
they they end up in this place where this dude comes out rushes out to him
and he's a dude from the tombs and look at those last three words
look at those last three words in he is in an aortic
spirit and right away you and I drop off and have no clue about what that means
watch the translations an unclean Spirit what is an unclean Spirit I'm about to show you
and I want to show you the verb that's being used above Che get it back for me look at the verb that's being used above
that says Jesus no back up to the the one we had before Fantastic look at
hooping T right what is that what does the guy do when they
arrive what does the guy do he comes up to Jesus give me the next one he doesn't
just come up normal what does he do he comes up because they could have used here in the Greek Ari they could have
just used regular any old verb for conveying oneself they could even use
some form of plan to wander around they could have used anything what did they
use specifically what did the author of this Gospel of Mark what what did he she
it use look they Ed the word that means to come for the sake of a meeting to
come for the sake of a meeting and it can be to meet a friend or it can be to meet another um soldier in combat but
it's an engagement the guy from the tombs comes
out to meet Jesus now let's look at this guy give me the next one let's look at this guy and see what oh what is what is
what kind of spirit is he got he's got this kind of spirit people I want you to look at AOS for a minute what kind of
spirit does he have an uncleansed or a one foul what what look what's at the
end of that sentence look what the victorians are doing people this is a great education for you of a woman and
then they give you something in Latin Min non Hobbit a woman who does
not have her menstrua her menstration why is she
impure because she has not had her catharsis she hasn't had her cleansing
you mean they looked at the menstration as a form of cleansing yes they did yes
they did oh I'm an orb I'm an orb a floating orb of noise
here thanks I thank Oh Hang on we're going through some kind of dime warp
what is this oh fantastic oh technical technical
difficulties all right I'm back my baldness is back look what look what's happening we're talking about women's
ministration right and what is this thing that is unclean it's the thing
that is not being purged it's the thing that's not being purged I want you to
look at number two that which is naturally unclean and then at the end of that line
a yeah you what do they translate Beast right you Beast you unclean
and look on the next line manes what is something that is man OES
what is it take a look oh here's the miners before we go let's go to the craziness first this is the
madness this is the madness yeah that's what we have to
consider the madness right the going crazy look at
the very bottom the causing Mania you mean you can have substances you can take it down to you can have substances
that cause Mania yes it's all part of the pharmacology the poly Pharmacy of
antiquity right and I'm gonna show you those right now so let's keep going and look at this guy coming from the tombs
look at him and what's happening to him next next Source please thank you oh
this is great no um um okay let's leave this one up people I wanted you to see
who else this who else has this spirit this unpurged spirit this spirit that
would overcome a woman that would cause her hand to be
filled with corruption what is that a cathartic
Water of Life because that's what we're looking for now we've got an example of
a woman for those of you with ears to hear check out revelation 7174 right there's this woman dressed in
this purple and this scarlet and what is she doing she's all gold defied baby
she's got her bling on with her gold there's precious stones and her her uh
Margarita's pearls yeah and what else is she having she has in her possession a
golden cup and in her hand this thing is full of the delug mat and all of that
abomination that abominable stuff and what else does she possess she has in
her hand the
aathar she has that which is a cathartic coming from her
porna because you see the medicine is ladies and gents you know it comes from
her right so our dude who is naked did I
forget to tell you he's naked Jesus is always coming across naked people naked
people I think it comes up talks about him being naked but he he's in the tombs
and in the mountains we're gonna see what he does in a second let me not give it away okay let's go to the next text
fantastic boom let's bring it up Mark 52 and what um yep so here he is with his a
cathartic Spirit hit me again next one um yeah yeah oh boy this is good so look
what he does he makes his living he has a place and Dwelling Place in the tombs
right yeah and what is he what is he what is he special what is the guy specially known for nobody can trap him
nobody can catch him and bind him up he breaks the chains off bro he breaks the
chains off this guy is so high when he has this aaric spirit that you can't
restrain him you can't restrain him he's unrestrainable let's see what else that
he does let's see what else that he does next one shy give me the next one oh God
look at this they you know what they were trying to do they tried to put these chains on them in these shackles
specifically around his legs they tried to H hog tie him like like all the police departments do you know what I
mean but it doesn't matter because he comes back and he breaks everything nobody can bind him go give me the next
nobody combined him oh and so what what's the guy known for you know
we're meeting him just now he just came up to Jesus talk to him here he is in
all of his glory is he naked yeah and he's all cut up I'm gonna show it to you he's all cut
up why would you be all cut up it's kind of a mystery it's a way it's a portal
it's a portal through the flesh isn't that nice through the flesh you make
cuts on yourself go back to the text go back to the text boom and all day long
and all night long what is he doing he's in the tombs or he's in the mountains and what is he it's pretty tell what is
naked man with cuts all over his body do in the mountains he shouts he cries out
he screams and he cuts himself cut
copton what does he cut himself with just rocks just rocks whatever he can
find yeah whatever he can find do you get a feeling now that you're meeting
this guy that is talking to Jesus and we're going to see from his reaction to
Jesus exactly who Jesus is yeah so remember we got there when we have our
ship with our children now we're talking to the naked man who just came out of
the mountains were Cemetery H screaming
right fantastic that's that's our world let's go to the next one please good
Mark uh and seeing Jesus what does he say he's sing from afar he Ed he
actually runs up and he prises them he bends down he bends down
to Jesus he gets down on the knees he lowers himself to Jesus this is what
naked man does why would naked man do this because we know what those cuts are
for and we know that Jesus is who he is you're the Christos he knows it haven't
you ever wondered all these people walk up to
Jesus and they're saying you're the Christos yeah haven't you ever wondered
why they were able to do that yeah yeah he is is performing those cathartic
measures to purify to purify yes he is purifying let's look at
some more let's look at some more of his images with his children who are
depicted as grown people not that this shouldn't bother us because there's nothing wrong with a group of grown men
washing each other's feet there's nothing wrong with that the fact
is though those grown men are only grown men because that's the way that we want
to construct the false narrative right we have to it would look weird if Jesus
was in a room with a bunch of kids and he got naked and tied his underwear on
and then went around washing feet and using his underwear towel to wipe off
the TW the feet of an 12-year-old boy named John who he
loveded yes John was his favorite everybody knew that everybody knew that
about Jesus why do you think he was yelling I'm not a lace days right okay
let's keep going this it gets it gets gruesome people it's the Bible it's the
Bible but it belongs to us so let's just see what does he say um he he says in a
in a voice he screams right he says hey um
um T you know who you are well you know who
you are you're the Son of God look at that second line whoop CE to the son of
the highest okay wait a minute naked guy runs up gives Jesus a specific title and
then says makes him swear an oath he says no make it so that you don't
Torture Me Be because you're the son of the highest you're the son of the
highest that's a specific phrase are you ready let's go back let's go back and
see what the hoopy St is yep um here we
go oh this is the one to torture that's okay keep going keep going keep going yes fantastic chewy thank you you're
helpful um I appreciate tonight's work um we're putting it in under duress on
my dad it's fantastic no it's the cosmos congealing um this is a great joy um um
and so thank you there's things in the atmosphere some things that you may not
understand but for now let's just you know forget those and let's look now did
you see that that was the quickest magic trick ever look at this um melchisedec
oh my God I'm reading from The Book of Genesis why am I reading from The Book
of Genesis because this is all contemporary stuff right Genesis isn't written till the 3 Century BC its
vocabulary and content are all mixed up in the milu that is our new testament
yes and here here look mezc you remember mezc what he's that that king of Sal and
what does he do he brings Bread and Wine he brings bread and wi what where am I
what period no you're not where you think you are you're not back in 1100 you're not back in 1300 with a dude
named Moses you were not going back to Abraham what are we doing we're going to
the god the God is on the second line who
Fe that is who the naked dude from the tomb identifies Jesus as
the son of right and now you say oh oh that's all
why they're always talking about you take it down why they're always talking about those gods of the high
places exactly Jesus is being
identified by a man who makes intentional Cuts all over his skin and
possesses what seems to be Incredible strength coupled with a lot of nudity
and a lot of people afraid of him and he's got a he's now bowing that dude is
now bowing telling Jesus he's the son of the
highest the son of the highest just saw him get off the boat comes over right
what does the son of the highest do what do you think he does what do you think he does you do what Heracles does with
hus yeah do you know Heracles got mistaken for a lace
days it's what happens when you sail in the port and you have your children with
you you mean Jesus was on a
boat as a pirate oh hang on hang on I just got
something oh my god oh sit still sit still son of the
highest [Music]
but seriously when Heracles got mistaken for one he corrected it right he
corrected it because you know it's your reputation is everything right and you
don't want to be pinched as one of these people who is involved in the trafficking of children for the sake of
sexual gratification now you know why Jesus is screaming I am not a child tra
trafficker he does not he just like Heracles he gets into a situation where he doesn't really want to be there it's
too dangerous it's too dangerous okay let's go to the next text I love this stuff no the next one yeah I think that
was uhhuh no no that's the highest let's go next one please gorgeous yeah and so
what did he what did he say to him he said ex this is Jesus now son of the highest
right and but these sons of God by the way um they're associated with the
mystery performances so you always have a son of God who is that Central um
producer of the um right and Heracles for example there's temples to Heracles
all over right and they're performing these Mysteries and the only woman who's
allowed to be in them when Heracles is with his children is media right because
she is the one who's able to derive ultimately the ARA Wei so okay cool cool
I see why she's there this is fantastic but this is the right that we are
looking at if we're talking about the Hoops St the Son of God is an absolute
fragment of History right dionis is the Son of God in the enthusiastic right
Heracles was the son of God in the enthusiastic
right you notice that he was going to hell right
Heracles right orus dianis they're all doing it when the
dude who is naked and under the influence of that sex craved maniacal
Spirit that's that's where he is yeah when the dude is there that's all that
he's got and so he ends up begging Jesus to stay there right and Jesus is like no
bro I gotta go I got to do my thing elsewhere with these children right and
you know that's that's the way it goes right off he goes he gives a little wave flashbang and there you go right now
somehow we turn that into a narrative that makes sense in in order to feed our
delusional understanding that Jesus popped on the scene Boop and he said I'm the Son of God and Christ and
everybody's like oh no no that's not how it happened you know it and I know it
yes yes let every Evangelical know it our strength our
strength is bringing the Bible to them that's our strength showing them rubbing
their face in it taking that naked Kid scene with Jesus that's so perverted and
showing them look look what your guys doing look what your guys doing I had an interview today on a podcast um I'll let
you know further information about that but um that's what you can do with
people show them the text open up their eyes just open up their eyes to what's
there okay let's go you guys know that we're doing that Hallelujah right Hallelujah chewy Hallelujah let's go on
to Mark 59 and he asked him he said uh what's your name and he said to him my
name is Legion oh I forgot I just can't okay it's not right he's got a plurality
he's got a plurality that Jesus has to command right what what does Jesus do to
the dude he casts out those Spirits he casts out those Spirits
you mean he brings him to a place of of total sanity yes he takes a visibly
Disturbed mentally Disturbed individual and he knows exactly how to
bring him back oh are we talking about the treatment now I'm going to take it
somewhere this is kind of a side a side um field trip I want you to go I'm going
to take you to some texts that have some of the darkest magic about them the darkest
psychological medicine all right how do you heal you know what happens it turns out you're a
depressed person don't try to make them feel better don't feed those serotonin
Loops that's not what they need they don't need the chemicals that make you feel better they don't need that they
need the ones that show you Terror the ones that induce psychosis that bring
you to a place where you question everything and everyone and where you
can see your sanity laid out right in front of you this is an ancient form of
healing you mean I got to turn I got to turn my friend into a freak of nature in order to get him back
into a place of Health yes it's what you have to do Jes Jesus knows what is being
used at the time he knows about the Water of Life and he knows about the
treatment let's go to the next let's go to the next Source there he is that's gorgeous look at him I'm not quite sure
I don't even know from this can we just stop J for a second look at this look at this I I don't even know
what fragment of first of all it's not a towel he's wearing around his waist it's
not looks like you get that from the next door the hotel next door is bed sheet or something who brought all the
sheets to these people who covered them up the NIV covered them up what is that
the NIV The New International Version it covered them up it turned the scene down into a garment like that for the sake of
the fairy tale but look none of this makes sense what are they doing do people look at this if you looked into a
room let's be scientist if you looked into a room and you saw this sitting in
front of you this is what the people are doing what's the first thing you would think something wrong with these people
does this look like a normal scene first of all why is he touching his feet why is he wearing a sheet did he just get
lost from a toga party what's going on and what are those perverts doing
looking in the window get out of there you weirdos what is this even a scene of
am I supposed to be drawn to this I mean Christians criticize the classical art
for being so full of that luscious loveliness of life that the artist catch
what is this luscious loveliness this is weird I just came across a building with
some dudes I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure they were involved in some culty stuff it's weird now imagine if they
just put the apostles in the right age group yeah imagine if Jesus is doing
that with a 10-year-old John 10-year-old John poor John poor
John oh God it's sad save the children people what happened how come nobody
wants to save these children save the apostles that's what I say get them in
into out of the hands of this lace taste and send them back to school maybe that's why people wanted Jesus crucified
maybe they wanted this kind of activity cleaned up I don't know I don't know no there's resistance to it right we're
trying to civilize this province this Backwater dis place here have libraries how are
you supposed to know anything here pave the roads people the dirt's not for
walking on build yourself an infrastructure get this thing done come on civilization
calls it's a struggle it's a struggle in an Antiquity between classical
civilization and the Rough and Tumble Backwoods of the frontier that's what it
is and Judea is part of that Frontier um yeah yeah let's go to the next Source
this is lovely um I I'm gonna wrap up here in just yeah I'm GNA wrap up pretty
quick but I wanted you to know um yeah so the people of the town I just wanted you to see here they come and they see
that his demoniac look at the f look at the second first word on the second line Deon Menon right the one who's been
filled with that Dion and you say to yourself I'm thanking demon from my
silly narrative that's been fed into my head from the Christian perversion of
the text and yes that's exactly that demon is power and we recognize that
those powers are controlled by drugs yes there powers are controlled by
drugs I can give you a drug that would take away all of your demons I can and
I'm going to show you some people who do in just a second wouldn't that be nice by the way I'm going to take you to a
place where we can launch this is three and a half years it's all it takes it's a prototype we got to develop it the
next Frontier is not Mars the next Frontier is beyond the black hole that's
where it is that's where it is getting to hell and back the Last Frontier we're
going to have it up and running you can put yourself into the death machine you can go through it you can come out of it
you can be born again hey and then you can tell us you can tell us this is the
mystery in practice right it's being fed in
Antiquity by these factories human factories of divine
fluids yeah yeah amazing let's go to this let's
go to the next source and what happens oh yeah um they asked them to
[Laughter] leave no
yeah no eventually the people come in right and they're like would you please
leave town Jesus is like huh and they're like no you drug freak get
out and you think to yourself if Jesus showed up bring give me some pictures of
Jesus there if Jesus showed up where's the well let's see him wouldn't this
would could you kick this guy out of your town come on give us a good one shuy come on they're all waiting for
it oh yeah okay would you kick the where is he I don't even see him there he's with a bunch of old people who are these
old people he's with where are the kids right look at him sitting there okay look at him under the tree you couldn't
kick this guy out of town you couldn't kick him out if you wanted to look he's doing nothing bad he's doing nothing at
no BS he came into your town he took that dude that's all cut up and he was
able to manipulate him into his little buddy turn him in and the guy asked him
please stay let me stay with you he's like no no right he was too
old right the picture is dark do you wonder why in Jerusalem the crowd was like this
guy deserves it this guy deserves it he deserves what he's getting isn't it
funny that history took the biggest villain the greatest
villain and turned him into a king and a
prophet and a Christ he turned him into that Glory
Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ you got your crosses all over the place
it gets my goat those crosses get my goat where's my goat Joy that's a
cute yeah those crosses get my goat they're all over the place every time
you look at a cross every time you look at a cross you see history's biggest
villain turned into history's
savior yeah history savior the real Jesus is what we're
after okay thank you Miss goat that was beautiful okay give us the next one I'm going to give you some text now just sit
there I just want you to see the first word in the first line in this one yason you see that you see that it might as
well be Yus yeah and then look at the end of the line second last word
chos wait a minute you mean this text says Jesus and something about a
christing all in the same passage yet and then look on the line underneath that
farco with a drug with a drug is this talking about Jesus with the drugs this
is talking about christing and it's anason who's doing it and he is doing it
at the instructions of the media the medwa go to the next
one love it people look at the Top Line you know you got you see Jason again and
look at the second line Doos that's a nice me verb for the people who are out there practice with it right
dos y yeah do DOI and what did she give him she gave him the
pharmacon right with which he's gonna be able to yoke those bowls and told him K
she commanded him I want you to I want you to take note of that I want you to
take note she told him what do you got to do you got a Christ your aspa your
Shield your D your Spear and your s your
body your body I want you to Christ your body the
yason is the Christ and everybody knows look at um underneath the bottom what
happens media when you Christ yourself this is by the way this is PA adoris look from the second line from
the bottom he says what happen for one one day this is what she tells him for one day you'll be immune from
fire yeah wait what yeah you'll be immune from fire thanks that's fantastic
immune from fire and you can't be injured by um by an Implement of iron Yeah by a
weapon no injuring you won't feel a thing this
stuff will take away your pain you and you can go go go you can go go go just
like the guy just like Guy where are you guy where's our naked guy bring him out
do we have a picture of that guy who was in the tombs and in the mountains who's crying out to Jesus that's not naked is
that naked is that him um okay he's let's let's bring him back guy um I want
to ask you guy what happens when you put that stuff all over you um after you've
made all those slits after you've made all the slits I'm going to show you guys a linguistic connection right now I'm
going to show you a linguistic connection that's what they're doing with the drug they're putting it into
the cuts that they're intentionally making in their flesh right you can push
the thorn like Paul does and become immune to the Venom or you can make the
cuts you can make the cuts it's those cuts in the flesh that have that immed
imediate have that immediate rush oh god let's see it did you think Jesus was
involved in so many drugs it's it's crazy isn't it it's kind of interesting though let's go to the next one let's go
to the next one oh here it is look here's another drug R the top you know um what really can media do that
pharmacon that she gives it can make you new take it down it can make you what it
can make you new new that thing will bear you again it will take your IM Immortal it will take
your mortality and it will burn it off it'll burn it off so we have to cut your
skin we have to cut your skin sorry it's going to look horrific and anybody
watching you go through this Riot to burn off your mortality will want to rescue you don't worry about it that's
why Jesus knows and he steps up to the dude who's just the bachant who's just
come out of the Tomb right out of the graveyard here he comes yeah he knows what to do Jesus
knows how to command that power right he's recognized
as the son of the highest it's exactly what the son of the highest does fits
perfectly within the mystery cult fantastic let's go to the next one and uh just a couple more just just
a couple of more oh this is what media did I just wanted to tell you remember
media she she made a peplos a gown for um for her husband's future wife he made
her she made her a gown and it says here that she she really worked into the
fabric she rubbed into it drugs right drugs and what did she do she sent it to
her and what happened happens when she put it on she bursts into flames look at that very last line cut a Fleck thing
right remember fleo to burn and you get flocks from that and that radiant
glowing burning that light that is the power of the universe that thing that's
coming from the fire that's what she turned into she turned into a giant Flash and her daddy got with her says
the text he was trying to help Oh Daddy help me and she burned it both of them
to death right um is anybody noticing a theme right is anybody noticing a theme
there's the fire thing going on um which they're using it contemporarily they're
developing um these combustible you know um medicines for lack of a better word
and yeah you can use one of them to protect yourself from another let's go to the next very next next
one oh fantastic um here's Heracles I just want you to see people because
nobody believes me until they see the greatek and they're like where do you get these ideas on an interview today
guy was like where else can I find this and I said the Bible go to the Bible and read the Bible it's there it's all there
I'm not making things up all I'm doing is quoting sources do you have ideas no
I don't have any ideas not selling books you guys know that I can't I can't keep repeating that we don't sell books here
you know what books are all about books are all about the size of your rectum in
the Underworld because if you are selling books right now the muses hate
that because you're pretending to be one of theirs but you're not one of theirs you're a huster you're a huster and you
know how they punish that in the Underworld with sodomy I'm just being straight up straight up yeah yeah
yeah sell your books come on and give me your ideas here's a show come on and
give me your ideas they smell like
feces give them to me we make a solution out of it that'll make everything slide
into place your history you're disgusting sell your
books yeah welcome come to the slaughter let's go to the next one that
was a little bit Yeah okay and Heracles is coming to cost and what happens just
look at the just look at the end of the first line and they thought out they thought he the the people from C thought
he was Leon right a
stolon um stolon he he has a lastic Mission under way right with lastick
equipment he just sailed into Port he's going to steal your kids grab your daughters grab your daughter she's only
nine doesn't matter grab her right oh my God lace days these lace dayss are
terrible does it surprise you for those of you who are sitting here thinking Heracles what is Heracles doing being
mistaken for lace did you ever realize that Heracles walks around with a nine-year-old boy
yeah but don't worry so does Zeus who is called Zeus of the highest the Hoopes
you mean the Hoopes is the one who's known for having the boy yes it's Jehovah you boneheads it's
Jehovah oh Hallelujah Yahoo did you hear that it's Jehovah who's the highest yeah
he assumes that title they give him that title in the third century and why do you think they give him that title
because you can't have the history if you don't have the docks and they didn't
have the docks they needed them so they created them yeah
linguistically oh it's sad right you shouldn't have to fake your own
Heritage you shouldn't and you should be proud of wherever it comes from even if
it comes from an invention yeah if you buy that little Act I give
you a I'll sell you a bridge in New York I don't care which one you want I'll sell you any of them yeah not really
because I'm on contract not to make any money but I'll mentally sell you one
yeah gorgeous let's go to the next where's the next one oh here it is oh
look what happens look what happens here look at the end of the second line um
what is what is going on look we need
this constant supply of poisons in order to keep this right going and I'm
Heracles and I am going to come along and I'm gonna baptize my arrows you say
he's gonna baptize your arrows you mean the word for baptism is used for soaking arrows and poison yeah they do it right
here and he does it from the h the Venom right he does it from the Venom he puts
it on his arrows if you are out there with the
cult in the Aron you're only there because of the arrows you're only there
because of the oous yeah Jesus knows it why do you think he knows did you think he was a
magic man and he walked up and he was like woo I can see this man's got to
have the power of Jesu and he's like B and turn frees him from his PR I'm
Healed you Knuckleheads can go watch the Baptist pull this garbage through their
revivals if you want if you want that religion go ahead but that's not what
the text is showing us he recognizes Jesus's capabilities based upon his connections
with the cult everything that he's doing you you never you let me ask you
Evangelical something let me ask you something you never considered once just
ask yourself why is Jesus Christ spending so much time in tombs in
cemeteries he gets arrested in one he gets arrested in
one why is he always going into these places why does pseudo Clement tell us
why does it tell us that he ends up in a tomb with a boy who is begging him to be his
lover yeah yeah it's all about those
feet it's all about those feet let me wash your feet let me wash your feet and
you people have been sitting there propping this up and I'm not talking to the satanic congregation now I'm talking
to you people who prop up that cross you've been propping up a creep one of
History's biggest creeps foot washing creep I'm going to wash I tell you this
if I had a 10-year-old boy I sure as heck wouldn't let him hang around Jesus
I don't care he's gonna wash his feet you know what I got something he can
wash yeah do you hear the voice of the people who cried out listen to it for a
minute hear the voice of the people who cried out crucify
him you only have two choices you can believe the reality or the fairy tale
the fairy tale is that those people were filled with devil you can go back to Mel
Gibson Mel Gibson captured the devil you saw it w he scann the crown of the people hating oh there he is you can
follow that fairy tale or you can follow the reality that these were just
people normal everyday people watching a child predator get what was
coming to him crucify him crucify him let's go to
that we got a couple more texts and we'll we'll end for tonight um I just wanted you to see here that Med is
making drugs and this is so important people this links everything together look at that third to last line the
third line from the second line from the bottom diacon that's how media is wor
working and what is she doing she's creating Manon look at that second to last word
Manon she's creating Mania she is creating a mental state of
psychosis a delusional psychotic trip bring it back Chey a delusional
psychotic trip and what is she doing with the drug she's IM balois she's
ollowing it she's ollowing what what does that mean um get get us the next
one check this out people imalo oh it's so nice and you can tell it's like a
second arist look at that second aist it doesn't have those Alpha endings it's
got the it's got everything it looks like it's present don't you love it you you didn't think language could be so
sexy but this is sexy language look at this me means to throw in means to throw
in what the heck is that um let's go down to definition number seven for
imalo and what does it mean it means to put in it means to put in a muas and we
see pH luminus in his work on the drugs has anybody read this on the on the
poisonous um creatures right that's phumin us he's writing about the poison
Does anybody read this from Antiquity no look at the last author that's on orbus Does anybody read orbus no what does it
mean means to ply something on amas and what do you get when you check out amas
you get those scratches you get skin wounds right right you see in medicine
scarification right right amus what is the amus from number two that is things
that you do as a sign of Sorrow when you scratch your breasts as a woman mourning
Adonis you cause them to bleed you bring your self open wounds take it down
that's what he's doing that's what he's doing and what do you do with these drugs that you Christ you put them
through the wound you bring them through the wound Jesus knows exactly what this
naked stranger is doing in a cemetery he knows
and he helps him he helps him to be able to deal with the mystery to be able to
find that Kingdom of Heaven and the people ask him to leave they're like get out bro you're causing some stuff here
doing some strange stuff there's a lot of drugs going on just get out right
take your 12 kids with you right especially that little one stop it get out of here right go go home go home
when Jesus picked up Peter he was on a boat um just like James and John who are
with their daddy they were with their daddy yes yes we did it let's go to the
last Source this is it for tonight people this is it I just want to show
you what's gonna happen here um he was deceived who are we talking about take
it down we're talking about a giant of a person a
guardian who is causing trouble who is causing trouble because of what they're
guarding and what we have to do is figure out how to get rid of him how to
stop this Guardian we're going to the highest and we want to stop the guardian
to get there we want full access this guy won't let us in he won't let us in
so what do we do what do we do we know we can use drugs to drive him mad we
know we can because we follow the medwa we follow the medwa from Edom right and
so we know we know what the bonic ecstasy is we know what it is right okay
go back to the text go back to the text did something get your goat Chewy something got Chewy's goat put it up
that got Chewy's goat this one's for you you I dedicate this goat look into the cross look into the cross people
and in blaz that cross into your brain and blazing it okay sorry let's let's go
to the last okay um what happens here he was killed by media this Guardian right
I you don't need to know his name just like you don't need to know guys name who was in the Tomb right okay he has
one I'm not going to give it to you how do you like them apples what happens to him media kills him and how does she do
it look at the third line hosman anyway is some people Legacy as some people say
she did a diacon through the drugs she induced Mania right by applying it as you would
to his wounds and what happens you know some people say well you know she came
along you can take it down she came along and you know there were these offers of mortality and immortality
medas media is essentially Paving the way for these
clowns to be able to succeed in their BS and she's doing it with her drugs she
induces Mania apollodorus tells us about a group of young women who refuse to
accept bacus are they using the drugs yes are they applying them the same way
damn straight but they didn't accept the God and what happens when you don't
accept the God you got to call up some augur who's gon to come out to you and
he's gonna say I'll round him up for you and that's what he does he gets a party of people together they round up these
Bonet women who are insane and they treat them to bring back their Insanity
by purging them by purging them yeah you
see at the time from the Bronze Age forward we know people are using drugs
to induce mental States when that naked guy stumbles out
of the tombs all cut up all
naked nobody screams Jesus just steps up and the
naked guy steps up to Jesus and Bam
miraculously miraculously he's able to AFF a cure through his
magic it's the mystery we are standing squarely looking at the Christian
mystery I want you I want to say one extra thing tonight and I want you to
think of this I I normally don't ask people to think about anything but I'm
requesting I'm requesting the vision
to take everything that we know about this right and to put this right into
practice to begin to start sending once
again Souls from the living to the dead and
bringing them back we have the ability
to resurrect Jesus we have the ability ability to put the person into the state
that will cause them to be born again we have the ability to go to that
Frontier Perhaps Perhaps in the upcoming finale of this Venture perhaps
we'll see the way to do that together thank you for coming tonight I appreciate your time it is valuable to
me hey hell [Music]
Satan fore worldly
reown on the day that it came again you
just turned it down all the
way why did you ever change your name oh
way why did you ever change your
[Music]
name